I just talked to the patient, we, we
Let's start to feel the ear.
recordings he does not manufacture success there
oh look there
[Music]
The team takes the lead on my ap
to do it and stay is the day and if stay is
very good and is partner of pt is in
confirm that I was you and that you
do stay here just do not solange
How did he get on a great Costa Rica?
[Music]
and play with that jump waiter jokes
is is the process that he alone
it is not enough for the series to
already know where it takes for my ap easy
and stay until dawn
the benfica is very good and it is easy to
stone is eaten eggs that I taught to
you
stay stay
and the daughter was doing the general cleaning at last
Tell me that I had to stay
Beautiful, I love this horse and it stays inf k
Anyway, it's all over, you're fat.
will like and coast and coast and stay and
pique pique and stay where to stay and stay in
up process again is good for me he
stay there, go out
rafael elite sure I'll get you out of
Way, and it's not wap talk .